cost control
.
These examples show that
unicameralism doesn’t weaken democracy
, if well-structured.
4. Legal Path to Implementation
Constitutional Amendment Required
:
Section 47 of the
1999 Constitution
currently establishes a bicameral legislature.
It must be
amended
to
vest legislative powers in a single house
(e.g., the Senate).
This change must follow due constitutional processes, including approval by the National Assembly and State Houses of Assembly.
5. Final Argument
Given Nigeria’s
economic challenges
, adopting a
unicameral legislature is both practical and urgent
.
It promises:
Lower governance costs
,
Improved efficiency
,
Greater accountability
, and
A
more people-centered government
.
Let me know if you want this structured into a recommendation report, debate brief, or summarized visually for presentation.
Dijiste:
Here is the final section from the earlier article on cybercrime: 6. Conclusion 
This paper shows that the increasing level of internet penetration in Africa has accentu- 
ated the perpetuation of cybercrimes by Africans at the domestic and international level. 
Consequently, making Africans notorious and famous for global internet fraud. Attempts 
to curtail the proliferation of the menace resulted in some African governments enacting 
ICT/Cybercrime Laws. Some provisions in the laws examined show restrictions on Africans’ 
right to freedom of expression and access to information in cyberspace despite promi- 
nent and existing regional and international human rights instruments protecting the 
rights to freedom of expression and access to information in cyberspace. This paper ques- 
tions the legitimacy of such provisions and concludes that it breaches regional and inter- 
national human rights standards that discourages the criminalization of defamation and 
online expressions. The laws have persisted despite the human rights Declaration and 
Principles requiring the review, repeal or amendment of such laws, arguably because 
the African governments af f ected are benef i ting from the arrest, harassment, intimida- 
tion, and prosecution of persons, journalists, bloggers and media practitioners who 
make posts in cyberspace that are critical of the government. This is more so as most 
African countries are still young democracies, have weak Judicial system and rule of 
law is at its lowest level. Hence, even when African governments are aware of the pro- 
visions of international and regional instruments, they show preference for criminalizing 
certain expressions. 
The preceding illustrates a deliberate move by African countries to criminalize certain 
actions that ordinarily in a democratic society will at best be civil wrongs. Generally, it is 
expected that victims of abuse of freedom of expression physically or online can fi nd 
remedies in civil torts like defamation. However, with the versatility brought into com- 
munications by ICT, the internet and social media have made it possible to reach billions 
of audiences globally in just a few seconds with the click of a button. African 
90Lohe Issa Konate v Burkina Faso (n 102) and Federation of African Journalists (FAJ) and others v The Gambia (n 103). 
91See < https://www2.ohchr.org/english/bodies/hrc/docs/gc34 > accessed 16 August 2021. 
92UN Human Rights Committee, ‘Concluding Observations, Italy, 24 April 2006’ < https://www.refworld.org/docid/ 
453777852.html > accessed 16 August 2021. 
76 F. E. EBOIBI AND N. U. RICHARDS 
governments, who are often the main targets of social media criticism, had suddenly lost 
their highly treasured power to control the dissemination of information. Unlike before 
the advent of social media, it was easy to censor the traditional media and gag them 
by introducing draconian laws. However, it is dif i cult to censor social media; hence 
there is a preference to impose harsh laws and criminalize online expressions. 
The foregoing, clearly shows that the criminalization of certain online expression by 
African governments under the guise of curtailing cybercrimes are only a ploy to limit 
the right to freedom of expression, gag free speech, arrest, intimidate, harass and 
convict journalist, activist, social critics, members of opposition political parties and citi- 
zens generally in a bid stop public criticisms of government actions and policies. There- 
fore, African governments should use criminalization as a last resort where there is 
evidence of a serious threat to the enjoyment of online rights by other Africans’ or 
where it is intended to incite violence or ethnic rivalry; rather than use it as a tool to sup- 
press free speech and intimidate journalists and political opponents. However, sugges- 
tions are made for the adaptation of the experiences and jurisprudence of the 
European and Inter-American Courts to apply civil remedies instead of criminal sanctions. 
This is pertinent because the criminalization of freedom of expression and access to infor- 
mation in cyberspace has not in any way facilitated the curtailment of Africans involve- 
ment in domestic and international internet fraud.
ChatGPT dijo:
Here’s a
structured breakdown
of the main points and arguments from the
Conclusion
section of the cybercrime article:
6. Conclusion – Key Arguments
1. Cybercrime and Internet Growth in Africa
Increased internet access in Africa has also
facilitated cybercrime
, especially
internet fraud
at both domestic and international levels.
This has led to
negative global perceptions
